images/screenshots/1.png
# Cyber-Crime-Cell-TIU-CST-Project
Cyber Crime Cell This project was awarded during the diploma final year from the college, it was our CST project. This project was completed by me and a classmate. We are trying to make this project a little better with advanced technology. We have government approved Cyber Crime Cell Departments all over the world and they work tirelessly day and night, but we have added a little advanced feature to this Cyber Crime Cell project, which we think will benefit the common man and those who are cyber crime cell day and night works in the department.This cyber crime cell project is like a job alert message from an ordinary person and they are asked to go to that message and click on a link, many of us know that the link can harm us, and we do that by mistake when hackers sit down. That person will click on the link and he will get permission to hack his device. Everyone makes this mistake but doesn't realize that their phone is hacked and they ignore it thinking it is a small matter and then they have to go to the police station or cyber crime cell department. It is too late for hackers to take action. But our point here is that ordinary people do not need to go anywhere through these features and do not have to write any application and just go to the official website of Cyber Crime Cell or after opening the app, just enter the PIN code and go to any nearby Cyber Crime Cell Department. Then you just have to give some information like name, address, mobile number, email, aadhar card number and if there is any proof then submit it with picture or any other information.There will be a tracking number through which the person will know how far the complaint has been successful or when it will be completed, we have created the Cyber Crime Cell project with many more features like this
